= scarabeo

scarabeo is a library to play with words and letters mainly in order to make
permutation over a given string. Let me give you an example: you want to test
if a string is a regular password for a given service. In addition to the plain
string, you may want to try some very basic permutations (numbers in place of
letters, randomic uppercase, some number as trailer and so on).

Of course you can use scarabeo just for fun.

== Install scarabeo

  gem install scarabeo

== Use scarabeo

First of all you may want to require the gem before using it:

  require 'scarabeo'

Then let's just start playing with letters...

=== Change a single character into the appropriate number as a real lamer would do

  puts "This is a test".lamerize('e')

=== Write a whole sentence in a real lamer way

  puts "This is a longer sentence to be written in a lamer".lamerize

== Contributing to scarabeo
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Paolo Perego. See LICENSE for
further details.

